Mr. Jiang, I’m going to meet up with a friend and have a chat.
OK Hello grandma,
Hello, Grandma Lin, and so are you.
Are you happy with the dishes being served?
Thanks to your help, my life is pretty good.
Great achievement but disrespectful
Don't think that he can give Xu Zhi a big class
There is still a long way to go
Blessing came too late
Thank you for being here
I'm not good, ouch
Miss Xu is really getting more and more beautiful, right?
This idiot of mine
I always wanted to leave it to my future daughter-in-law.
She is Miss Xu when I see you today.
We really felt like old friends at first sight
I think this idiot
It's best for you
thank you honey
We are salty. Salt is responsible.
Where was this liability originally?
It was passed on to my daughter-in-law
But today I passed it on to my third daughter-in-law
Come on, what will grandma bring you?
Mom, our family spent five million to buy this asset.
Do you know what Shen Ying did before?
She asked if she could admire Shili